Prep v10.4.0 release (#654)
bottlerocket-os/bottlerocket-core-kit: CHANGELOG.md

# v10.4.0 (2025-09-08)

> ## OS Changes

Reviewer: Missing [region update](https://github.com/bottlerocket-os/bottlerocket-core-kit/pull/651)

* Add `containerd-2.1` setting for `concurrent_download_chunk_size` ([#645])

> * Allow overriding {host, bootstrap}-containers entrypoint command ([#594]) - Thanks @kasimeka

Reviewer 2: Let's make it more readable:
```suggestion
* Add `command` field to override default entrypoint for host and bootstrap containers ([#594]) - Thanks @kasimeka
```

> * Allow overriding `{host, bootstrap}-containers` entrypoint command ([#594]) - Thanks @kasimeka

Reviewer 2: Let's make this more readable:
```suggestion
* Add command field to override default entrypoint for host and bootstrap containers ([#594]) - Thanks @kasimeka
```

> * `systemd-257`: remove shutdown timeout patch, migrate mount-rate patch to bootconfig, remove kernel cmdline requirement for cgroupsv1 ([#636])

Reviewer 3: nit: "... add patch to remove kernel cmdline requirement for cgroupsv1"

Though @vigh-m may have a better suggestion for this line

Author: how about `patches to remove shutdown timeout, migrate mount-rate patch to bootconfig, remove kernel cmdline requirement for cgroupsv1`?

## Orchestrator Changes
### Kubernetes

> * Update `kubernetes-1.34` and `ecr-credential-provider-1.34` packages with official sources ([#553])

Reviewer 3: Should be #653

[#594]: https://github.com/bottlerocket-os/bottlerocket-core-kit/pull/594
[#636]: https://github.com/bottlerocket-os/bottlerocket-core-kit/pull/636
[#645]: https://github.com/bottlerocket-os/bottlerocket-core-kit/pull/645
[#653]: https://github.com/bottlerocket-os/bottlerocket-core-kit/pull/653

> 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
## Build Changes
Update bottlerocket-settings-models to 0.14.0 ([#645])
```

# v10.4.0 (2025-09-08)

## OS Changes
* Add command field to override default entrypoint for host and bootstrap containers ([#594]) - Thanks @kasimeka
* Update `systemd-257` to remove shutdown timeout patch, migrate mount-rate patch to bootconfig, and remove kernel cmdline requirement for `cgroupsv1` ([#636])

> * Add `containerd-2.1` setting for `concurrent_download_chunk_size` ([#645])

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Add `containerd-2.1` setting for `concurrent-download-chunk-size` ([#645])
```
